The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
Either. He's feeding videos of guys that like they like it and can see that.
I mean, they really get kicked in the balls,
like hard stop by from that guys,
get their balls stomped with stilettos. That's a really common thing. Like,
ah, ah, stopped, uh, guys lose testicles.
I know a guy who lost the Tesco cause he got kicked and he didn't have a cup on.
And he was sparring just like, he's like, I'll do one more round.
So he spars and he gets slammed in the sack with a shin and his testicle
burst burst.
And these guys are just lending some chicks, stomp on them with a stiletto heel.
Yeah.
I was around with Dave Vata one time when I was in like 10th grade and we were
wrestling around and he reached down and grabbed my balls really hard and squoze
them like a night. He was a little bit of a nut.
And I remember laying on the ground for like 10 minutes being in like the most
severe pain I've ever been in in my life.
Dude. I thought it was sterile for a long time.
Cause he getting kicked in the balls.
I been kicked in the balls at least a hundred times hard
by black belts. Like I've been kicked in the balls dude,
like many, many.
Many. Are they trying to.
Kick you in the balls? No, no you clash. Yeah.
Like say if you're throwing a kick with your right leg and I'm throwing a kick
with my right leg and we throw them at the same time and you just were moving
weird, sometimes it just goes right into the sack. Yeah.
Sometimes a kick will deflect, you know,
like someone will be hitting you and you're trying to hit them in the
chest,
but inadvertently they catch part of your leg and it redirects it
right towards their balls.
Cups. Don't really cover your.
Balls. That's the, they do new ones do. And they also there's a new, well,
there's a company called diamond MMA and I wear their cup when I do jujitsu.
And it's a compression short with all these straps built in and it's cup that
it's got like a, a, like a more flexible foam, rubber,
rubber on the outside. And then a very hard rubber that covers the, uh,
like the outside edge,
rather a very hard rubber that covers like the sack and the, and the deck.
And then it fits very snugly to your body. And you can,
you can get kicked in the balls pretty hard. But yeah, it's a,
it's a giant improvement. Yeah. But when I was a kid, we didn't have that.
We had a cup that slid into a jockstrap and a barely held in place.
And one time I was in a tournament and I got kicked in the balls. So,
I was pretty sure this guy did it on purpose. Uh, he was, he was at mean, this.
I was fighting this Korean dude. He was very good and very mean,
and I'm pretty sure he kicked me in the balls on purpose because I punched him
in the face on purpose right afterwards. Yeah. I was pretty sure. Yeah. Um,
but uh, my ball, my cup slammed into my ball. So the,
the cup did worse than protect me. Then not protect me.
It actually became a weapon against my ball. Right?
So the cup slammed into my ball. My ball swole up.
It was awful. It was. So it was what were those.
Cups protecting pretty much your shaft, but not your ball.
They do protect your balls a little bit. Under the ideal circumstances.
Like something comes at it straight on and it hits the cup.
It's way better than hit the cup than it is to hit your balls by themselves.
It's definitely better. But.
Take a bicycle.
Helmet.
They made a TaeKwonDo cups that we used to wear on the outside that were even
better because you'd wear them. Uh, you'd have your, uh,
your pants on your like, uh, your geeky pants.
And then you would put the cup on over the pants.
And it was, they were like more sturdy and they would tie on,
they would hold them in place and it was a little more material there.
So it was like, it would cover your, your junk better. Yeah. But still
sack is it's. It's a terrible design. It is a bad.
Design, dangling and midair.
Just waiting to be heard. You ever sit on your ball?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You ever cut your Dick in a zipper? No.
Never. No. Oh my God.
We're underwear. I've just done it.
I have to go and commando before and call my Dick and his zipper. Yeah.
It's like.
The crown.
No, the shaft somewhere in the side of the shaft.
I caught it in the zipper. It was, it was bleeding.
Oh, no sex for a while.
After that, because then you have to explain. Yeah. Like what's on your Dick.
Oh, caught it in the zipper. He'll liar. You lie.
You're going to give me a disease. Just such a piece of.
That's why they invented. But button fly.
Yeah, probably right. Yeah. I think button fly was first, but is it? Yeah.
I think the old device, I think they were all button fly.
They hadn't figured out zippers yet. Like zippers,
like A-list guess when do you think they invented the zipper?
I want to say like the 18 hundreds.
Yeah. I think the, I thought the original Levi jeans had zippers.
Don't think so.
I think they were originally.
I think that's why they call them the original button fly. Yeah. Right.
Like five. Oh, one's original 5 0 1 jeans. Yeah. Button flies.
I remember dry humping. I was a dry Humper in junior high school, man.
Dude, I would go all night. I would get it. I, I was, I was gifted and you know,
you G you try to get your, right, right in the middle there. Right in the spot.
And then, uh, I was perfect. And I remember one time getting a scab.
I got so raw. I had a scab on it.
Jesus. Yeah. Did you nut from dry humping?
A couple of times, but I was pretty restrained.
Well, you got to, if you dry hump the right way to do it is uh,
with silk pajamas. Oh no underwear. Nice.
Right? You see guys, you could go back in time. I would talk to my old self.
Hey, Dick head.
You're going to get some.
Corduroys.
You're showing up at some girl's house. She's in eighth grade.
Dad answers the door. Why are you wearing silk, silk?
Uh, I'm just really into, uh,
so I'm reading a lot about trade China.
Is that rain here. She comes down with it.
You wear an underwear. You piece of. What? Huh? You think I'm stupid?
I'm married. I have children. All right. I've had sex. You little.
I know what you're doing. You want to dry hump? My kid, huh?
Ooh. She comes down and she's wearing silk pajamas. The is going on here.
The.
Way dry humping, man.
The good old days. Remember you grab a. You were so happy.
I can't believe I'm holding a tit.
Outside the shirt. I was.
Outrageous. Yeah. You were so happy.
Like this is so much better than not holding a tit. Yeah.
This is as good as it gets.
And then if you, if you were a girl, I felt bad for girls back then.
Because how annoying would it be? That somebody is just grabbing.
The, what we're talking about. Call me right now.
That you just grabbing their tit and you can't stop. Like you're,
she's got her Bron.
You wedged your hand under her bra and you just grabbing. Just squeezing.
Yeah. That's not pleasurable for her. No.
No, definitely not. But they did it.
Maybe she did like it. Maybe it's just like the fact she's naughty. Yeah. So,
no.
I couldn't fathom that girls were enjoying fooling around for a long
time. I really thought that they were just being nice to.
I couldn't imagine the girls like boys, like why do you even like me? Yeah.
Like why do you like boys? Boys are so gross. Yeah. You know,
I remember being a kid thinking that, man,
I'm so happy. The girls like boys, but I don't understand it. Like,
it doesn't make sense. Like why would they like us?
Like it's we don't have any of the good things that they have. Yeah.
They have tents that they get wet.
They were ready, were dirty.
And gross. They were makeup. We don't that we're gross. We're stupid.
And we're dumb as. And we are dumber too.
Like the whole process of men developing and getting testosterone and going
through the whole cycle of adulthood.
It's just the fact that women mature quicker. They're smarter at an earlier age.
So when you're 15,
you got to have a 14 year old girlfriend because you have 15 year old
girlfriend. She's like you idiot. Got to get someone smarter.
Yeah. If I get someone smarter, like if you're, if you like,
how many guys who are 18 have a 17 year old girlfriend. A lot. Yup. Yeah.
But how many guys who are 18 have a 19 year old girlfriend, 19 year old girls.
Don't want to have anything to do with an 18 year old moron. Now,
now they're smarter already. They're looking for a 22 year old. Yep.
No, it's so true. Like my daughter said that she's like, I can't.
She goes, I can't even talk to guys my age. She just wants a couple of ages.
They're smarter. Yeah.
They don't have to go through that whole testosterone thing.
Just all you're thinking about is getting rid of loads. Yeah.
It's you're barely thinking about anything else studying school.
Oh, I know Jesus.
Oh yeah.
It was pretty much playing sports and having an orgasm. That was,
that was.
Yes. And as soon as you found out about orgasms sports, took a back seat.
A big back seat. Yeah. I used to do a bit about that. My dad's like, Hey,
how come you're not playing baseball anymore? Yeah.
I found this new thing and uh, I'm way better at this. I like it more.
It's more fun.
I always win.
Every game. Every time you come you in. Yay.